---
layout: post
title:  "News from the project team"
date:   2023-02-07 09:14:46 -0500
categories: updates
---
The project team is delighted to announce we'll be presenting at Electronic Resources and Libraries, ACRL Virtual, and the Timberline Acquisitions Institute. We can't wait to connect with our community about this work, to hear your stories and experiences, and help build open resources for negotiations and strategy.  

We are also excited to launch the interview phase of our research!

ONEAL seeks 20 academic library workers willing to share their experiences negotiating with vendors through a 60-minute interview in spring 2023. 

**The purpose of this study** is to identify key themes around the experiences of academic library workers and negotiating with vendors including challenges, strategies, and tactics. The transcripts of these interviews will undergo qualitative analysis to identify themes. These will inform fictionalized case studies and scenarios for Open Negotiation Education for Academic Libraries (ONEAL) Project curriculum.   

**How do I participate?**

If you are interested, please complete [this Qualtrics survey](https://iu.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5vtrjn2IKIjiQAe) by **Friday, February 24th**. 

20 participants will be selected. The project team will choose applicants from a variety of backgrounds and experiences, working to ensure the inclusion of systemically excluded voices in academic libraries. If selected, the project team will reach out by February 28, 2023 to schedule an interview. If you would like to learn more, you can also review the project's [Study Information Sheet](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14JgOo55axYIUcN70XBkpqFGl_TNgTUiW/view?usp=sharing)

You will receive a $50 gift card after your interview as a thank you. 

Please reach out to [Katharine Macy](mailto:macyk@iupui.edu) with any questions. 
